now it's exactly 5-3 monday
the producer made her crazy
ridiculous that glasses that is neither of degree
when I picked up a lot of money with
partner but as popular as this works
weekend brings endless
and we had the privilege of
talk to large donors and not today
It feels more like we're going to show a
hand glider he her work is
free will check here at
press that I want to thank her for
by the force she came to us there
I want to thank also the gift wilson laís
alberto this trip to goiânia that have a
Privilege is recording with them and with
missing people but we're going back to
record with this galera
Goiânia is a very rich city when
You are talking about art beautiful graffiti
speed a lot of work wealth
installer fla as you can
faithful work of painting the
I do
each one wanting to talk to you can
to be having an artistic work
very well done I got there absurd
she was making a curve in the arm
alessandro work linen floor
i
nervous or duel
to 0
even though it has no
the war
aon the day you will take in your favor
It was 44 years like very touch it
has run quite feminine most
of the seven children he even took
o paulo to do calculations and
true there I think it's one thing
which has no logical price to shantha above
of all I health in the customer data
and value
anyone who wants to help in the work can
conferring the name on the number is not only the
same status on facebook or in the army
We're going out seven more light today.
stays here but in the interpretation
personal and Spanish
I want to send a special eff hug
captive out none of this would have happened
he accompanied us every day give
force for us on the recordings catira
even one day it's us
raul son rafael was playing well at
ball and let's mess it is not beautiful it up to
My mother's farm , she said.